MTG-1110 Add request time out for DB query (#362)
metaplex-foundation/aura: README.md

The API specification is compatible with the standard DAS specification here https://github.com/metaplex-foundation/api-specifications

### Developing and running

> #### PR/Code requirements 
> 1) CI/CD has code formating checker so use FTM before code commit: `cargo fmt`
> 2) 
> 
> #### Run Integration tests
> Integration tests require Postgres db url, devnet and mainnet rpc  
> 
> How to run with CLI:
> ```cml
> DATABASE_TEST_URL='postgres://solana:solana@localhost:5432/aura_db' DEVNET_RPC_URL='https://devnet-aura.metaplex.com/{YOUR_TOKEN_ACCESS}' MAINNET_RPC_URL='https://mainnet-aura.metaplex.com/{YOUR_TOKEN_ACCESS}' cargo test --features integration_tests
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### PR/Code requirements 
1) CI/CD has code formating checker so use fmt before code commit: `cargo fmt`

#### Run Integration tests
Integration tests require Postgres db url, solana devnet and solana mainnet rpc urls.

How to run with CLI:
```shell
DATABASE_TEST_URL='postgres://solana:solana@localhost:5432/aura_db' DEVNET_RPC_URL='https://api.devnet.solana.com' MAINNET_RPC_URL='https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com' cargo test --features integration_tests
```
```
